docs: add guidance about sections in redirects.txt (#614)
canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack: docs/redirects.txt

#     "<old path>" "<current path>"
#
# Paths must be represented as source files relative to the root of the docs directory.
# The old path must be a file that doesn't exist in the source. The current path must be

> # a file that does exist in the source. Redirecting to a specific anchor is not supported.

Reviewer: This could be similarly misleading. This redirect, for example, does work:

```
"internal-page" "https://example.com#section-title"
```

Can you give an example of the unsupported behavior you're clarifying here?

Author: Today I learned that rediraffe anchors work if you use the full URL...

I originally wanted to clarify that rediraffe doesn't support appending anchors to relative internal paths, unlike sphinx redirects, where you can do
```
# conf.py

redirects = {"internal-page": "../new-internal-page#section-title"}
```

So the unsupported behavior I wanted to clarify would be
```
# redirects.txt

"internal-page" "new-internal-page#section-title"
```

Maybe
```suggestion
# a file that does exist in the source. Redirecting to a specific section is only supported by using the full URL instead of the file path.
```

or maybe we close this PR and I just add something to the rerediraffe README instead.

Reviewer: Ahhhhh, I see. Let's just update your original change to say "section", because anchors refer to the URL representation of the section (at least in my brain). I also don't love the idea of using external URLs for what should be internal redirects.

This will probably be short-lived anyways. I'll probably end up implementing the reredirects behavior you mention in my downtime now.

Author: Yeahh, I also don't feel great about encouraging using external URLs like that.

I like "section" - updated in [d4bf60f](https://github.com/canonical/sphinx-stack/pull/614/commits/d4bf60ffaf2ea0705d5d03e90e5232086edd692d)
